Add documentation for project-owned variable sets (#790)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables.mdx

## Permissions

You must have [**Read variables** permission](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#general-workspace-permissions) to view the variables for a particular workspace and to view the variable sets in your organization.

> To create new organization-owned variable sets and apply them to workspaces, you must be part of a team with [manage all workspaces](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-workspaces) or [manage all projects](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-projects) permission. To create new project-owned variable sets, you must be part of a team with Write, Maintain, or Admin access to the project or the [**manage all projects**](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-projects) permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create, edit, and apply organization-owned variable sets, you must be part of a team with [**Manage all workspaces**](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-workspaces) or [**Manage all projects**](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-projects) permissions. To create, edit, or apply project-owned variable sets, you must be part of a team with one of the following:
* **Write** project permissions
* **Maintain** project permissions
* **Admin** project permissions
* [**Manage all projects**](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-projects) organization permissions
```

## Permissions

> You must have [`read variables` permission](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#general-workspace-permissions) to view the variables for a particular workspace and to view the variable sets in your organization.

Reviewer: Opportunistic suggestion to make this align to the style guide
```suggestion

You must have [**Read variables** permission](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#general-workspace-permissions) to view the variables for a particular workspace and to view the variable sets in your organization.
```

> **Hands On:** Try the [Manage Variable Sets in HCP Terraform tutorial](/terraform/tutorials/cloud/cloud-multiple-variable-sets) tutorial.

> Only members of a team with the "Manage variable set" permission can create, update, and delete variable sets. This permission is included for members of the [Owners Team](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-owners) or members of a team with the [Manage all projects](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-projects) or [Manage all workspaces](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-workspaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only members of a team with **manage variable set** permissions can create, update, and delete variable sets. The **manage variable set** permission is included for members of the [Owners Team](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-owners) or members of a team with either [**Manage all projects**](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-projects) or [**Manage all workspaces**](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-all-workspaces).
```

HCP Terraform does not evaluate variable sets during Terraform runs for workspaces configured with `Local` [execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode).

> Variable sets can be owned by an organization or by a project. To view variable sets, click **Settings** for your organization or project, then click **Variable sets**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organizations or projects can own variable sets. To view variable sets, click **Settings** in your organization or project, then click **Variable sets**.
```

The **Variable sets** page lists all of the organization's or project's variable sets. Click on a variable set to open it and review details about its variables and scoping.

### Create Variable Sets

To create a variable set:

1. Go to the **Variable Sets** page for your organization or project and click **Create variable set**. The **Create a new variable set** page appears.

1. Choose a descriptive **Name** for the variable set. You can use any combination of numbers, letters, and characters.

1. Write an optional **Description** that tells other users about the purpose of the variable set and what it contains.

1. Choose a variable set scope:
   - Organization-owned

>       - **Apply globally:** HCP Terraform will automatically apply this global variable set to all existing and future workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Apply globally:** HCP Terraform automatically applies this global variable set to all existing and future workspaces.
```

>       - **Apply to specific projects and workspaces:** Use the text fields to search for and select workspaces and/or projects to apply this variable set to. This affects all current and future workspaces for any selected projects. After creation, users can also [add this variable set to their workspaces](#apply-or-remove-variable-sets-from-inside-a-workspace).

Reviewer: We try to avoid and/or where we can. 
```suggestion
      - **Apply to specific projects and workspaces:** Use the text fields to search for and select workspaces and projects to apply this variable set to. This affects all current and future workspaces for any selected projects. After creation, users can also [add this variable set to their workspaces](#apply-or-remove-variable-sets-from-inside-a-workspace).
```

   - Project-owned

>       - **Apply to the entire project:** HCP Terraform will automatically apply this variable set to all existing and future workspaces in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Apply to the entire project:** HCP Terraform automatically applies this variable set to all existing and future workspaces in the project.
```
